Update cuDF Python library design with BaseIndex and pylibcudf updates (#18903)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/developer_guide/library_design.md

An `IndexedFrame` represents the first type of object mentioned above: indexed tables.
In particular, `IndexedFrame` is a parent class for `DataFrame` and `Series`.
Any pandas methods that are defined for those two classes and returns the caller's type
with the same shape should be defined here.

The second internal subclass of `Frame` is `SingleColumnFrame`.
As you may surmise, it is a `Frame` with a single column of data.
This class is a parent for `Index` and `Series`.
While `IndexedFrame` provides a large amount of functionality, this class is much simpler.
It defines shared APIs provided by all 1D pandas objects, and it flattens outputs where needed.

### Indexes

`Index` and its subclasses largely utilize the implementation of `SingleColumnFrame` except for the following
subclasses:

- A `RangeIndex` is backed by a Python `range` object, not a column.
  Wherever possible, its methods have special implementations designed to avoid materializing to a column.
  Where such an implementation is infeasible, we fall back to converting it to an `Index` of `int64`
  dtype first instead.
- A `MultiIndex` can be backed by _multiple_ columns of data.

>   Methods where `SingleColumnFrame` assumes 1 column of data are overridden to pass itself to
>   the corresponding `Frame` method.

Reviewer: Reword for clarity? Leaving  it up to you
```suggestion
Methods in `SingleColumnFrame` that assume a single column are overridden in `MultiIndex` to call the appropriate `Frame`
method, allowing support for multiple columns.
```

As another example, a `StringColumn` backing the Series `['do', 'you', 'have', 'any', 'cheese?']` is composed of:

1. A data buffer of UTF-8 characters `['d', 'o', 'y', 'o', 'u', 'h', ..., '?']`
2. No mask buffer as there are no nulls

> 3. A child column of "offsets" to the characters column `[0, 2, 5, 9, 12, 19]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A child column of "offsets"  indicating the start of each string to the characters column e.g. `[0, 2, 5, 9, 12, 19]`
```

> Operations that call `libcudf` routines interface with `pylibcudf`, converting itself to a `pylibcudf.Column`
> before calling a `pylibcudf` API. A resulting `pylibcudf.Column` result is then converted back to a `ColumnBase`
> object.

Reviewer: slight reword
```suggestion
Operations that call `libcudf` routines first convert the `ColumnBase` to a `pylibcudf.Column`,
invoke the corresponding `pylibcudf` function, and convert the result back to a `ColumnBase` object.
```
